Use new match terminology in all pages (#39)
sourcifyeth/docs: docs/3. Verification/2. exactMatchVsMatch.md

:::

If the bytecode from recompiling the contract with the given source code files and the metadata correspond to the bytecode of the contract of the given address and chain, it will be a **match**. Sourcify defines two types of matches upon verifying contracts: **Exact Matches** and **Matches**.

:::info Info

The match levels used a different terminology previously:

- Exact Match was called **Full / Perfect Match**
- Match was called **Partial Match**

> This only concerns the naming. Their semantics were the same before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only concerns the naming. Their semantics are the same as before.
```

:::

## Exact Matches

<AvailableOnlyForSolidityAdmonition description="Vyper contracts don't support exact matches because Vyper doesn't include the metadata hash in the bytecode."/>

> Exact Matches refer to the cases when the bytecode of the deployed contract is byte-by-byte the same as compilation output of the given source code files under the compilation settings defined in the [metadata file](/docs/metadata).

Reviewer: Looking again I think this is wrong. Immtuables, libraries etc. can be different. The byte-by-byte match is for the sources and the settings. Maybe we should mention that the integrity hashes or fingerprints of two compilations match.

Author: I revised the description a bit
